elastio stream kafka backup/restore topic (#24)
elastio/contrib: elastio-stream-kafka/README.md

# Elastio Stream (MSK)Kafka <!--Discuss another naming-->
# Quick start
## Create machine:

> 1. Create an EC2 instance( Amazon Linux 2 AMI (HVM) - Kernel 5.10, SSD Volume Type, instance type: t2.xlagre) in the same VPC as your MSK cluster.

Reviewer: Don't push people to use `t2` instance types, they are slow and expensive.  Prefer `t3`.  Also you mis-spelled "xlarge"

```suggestion
1. Create an EC2 instance( Amazon Linux 2 AMI (HVM) - Kernel 5.10, SSD Volume Type, instance type: t3.xlarge) in the same VPC as your MSK cluster.
```
